---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
keywords: []
description: TEAM
datePublished: '2016-04-27T17:56:57.215Z'
dateModified: '2016-04-27T17:45:41.268Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
starred: false
sourcePath: _posts/2016-04-27-team.md
published: true
url: team/index.html
_type: Article

---
TEAM

Ricky Husaini - CEO. Two decades of institutional investment management experience across all asset classes. Last corporate assignment was Chief Investment Officer for Abu Dhabi based Al Hilal Bank. Was Head of Investments & Deputy Treasurer for NBD, Chief Dealer for SCB & handled tactical asset allocation for the Family Office of the Ruler of Dubai. Early stage investor in an online news platform, renewable energy & water desalination company as well as a sustainable real estate developer. Core ability: Figuring out where the world is headed tomorrow. 

Monis Rahman - Director, Artificial Intelligence. Monis's PhD in Computational Mathematics (minor in Economics) from Stanford University will be completed by 2017\. His joint Masters degree is in Electrical Engineering, Financial Mathematics & Computational Math from Stanford as well, Core areas of research have been mechanism design, auction theory, financial modelling, predictive markets and pricing mechanisms. He has also done research in financial text analytics for predicting stock movements. Monis has advised Central Banks & large corporates on optimization, statistical & stochastic modelling, time series analysis, cancer research, bank credit profiling, assessment of accuracy of treatment of lung tumours using Cyberknife Synchrony Models, velocity vector displays for aircrafts & fault detection algorithms for automobiles 

Confidential - Director, Quantitative Strategies. He is a CAIA, CMT, MSTA and is a Market Specialist for a global cutting edge data & news provider covering Technical Analysis, Data Visualisation and Quant Strategy Development. He specialises in the area of automated quantitative trading system development, testing and optimization. Very strong institutional client relationships across a wide spectrum of asset classes, strategy types and regions. He has also worked in the arena of equity research and fund management